# Matplotlib-Homework

Observation 1: The gender distribution of the mice is almost 50/50, so this data should not be biased towards a drug's success in one gender. 

Observation 3: The pearson coefficient of 0.84 correlation demonstrates a strong positive correlation between mouse weight and tumor size. This is further supported by the final chart. It is important to note that this correlation is not causation; in other words, the tumor size in heavier mice is not necesarilly caused by their higher weight. More data would be necesary to conclude that the relationship between weight and tumor volume was causal. 

Observation 2: Based on this data, Capomulin and Ramicane have the lowest tumor volume after the end of the drug regimen. They also had the smallest IQRs, which suggests they consistently have the lowest tumor growth over time. However, to make that statement confidently, I would have to calculate the average weights of the mice in each challenge. Mouse weight and tumor volume had a positive correlation, so I would want to make sure that Capomulin and Ramicane were not just the regimens tested on the skinniest mice. I also noticed that Capomulin and Ramicane had the largest number of timepoints - another caveat when drawing conclusions for this dataset is the discrepency between the number of timepoints for each drug. Of course, there may be fewer timepoints in other drug regimens because the mice died. The data given in this problem needs to be supplimented with extra information before we can draw hard conclusions from it. 
